Talk to me!
There must be some sort of kill to misunderstanding.
Please allow me to explain.
The only ones who we have to explain these two are the police.
This isn't over yet.
I, Jackson White,
formally declare this Charlotte Taurus is my lawful wife.
In the future, the White family will work closely with the Taurus family
to nurture and grow our newly formed partnership.
You just told me everything. You set this whole thing up.
How dare you accuse me?
Do you really think that James and Mike would have been able to embezzle all that money
without your daughter's help?
Guys!
I want this cancer, the tears!
You have been going after Ella her entire lifetime.
Now, we're all supposed to be family, sweetie.
Uncle, did you forget that you were the one who cut all family ties with me?
Keep your mouth shut, young lady.